.TH "LOCALE-GEN" "8" 
.SH "NAME" 
locale-gen \(em generates localisation files from templates 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBlocale-gen\fR [\fB\-\-keep-existing\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
\fBlocale-gen\fR command. 
.PP 
By default, the locale package which provides the base support for 
localisation of libc-based programs does not contain usable localisation 
files for every supported language. This limitation has became necessary 
because of the substantial size of such files and the large number of 
languages supported by libc. As a result, Debian uses a special 
mechanism where we prepare the actual localisation files on the target 
host and distribute only the templates for them. 
.PP 
\fBlocale-gen\fR is a program that reads the file 
\fB/etc/locale.gen\fP and invokes 
\fBlocaledef\fR for the chosen localisation profiles. 
Run \fBlocale-gen\fR after you have modified the \fB/etc/locale.gen\fP file. 
 
 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB\-\-keep-existing\fP" 10 
By default, \fBlocale-gen\fR removes all 
existing locales and generates new ones afresh. The 
\fB\-\-keep-existing\fP option prevents this, so that 
only locales which do not already exist are generated. This may be 
useful if calling locale-gen a number of times in 
succession. 
.SH "FILES" 
.PP 
\fB/etc/locale.gen\fP 
.PP 
The main configuration file, which has a simple format: every 
line that is not empty and does not begin with a # is treated as a 
locale definition that is to be built. 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
localedef (1), locale (1), locale.alias (5), locale.gen (5). 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Eduard Bloch <blade@debian.org> for 
the \fBDebian GNU/Linux\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation 
License, Version 1.1 or any later version published by the Free 
Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover 
Texts and no Back-Cover Texts. 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Thu 10 Mar 2005, 16:39 
